Create ui-c8y-1023-93-0-support-refresh-on-demand-in-html-widget-12082-graft-release-cd.md (#4839)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1023-93-0-support-refresh-on-demand-in-html-widget-12082-graft-release-cd.md

---
date: ""
title: Support for on-demand refresh in the HTML widget
product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-66887
version: 1023.93.0
---

> HTML widgets in Cockpit previously did not support manual refresh functionality of the global time context feature, which meant users could not update widget content on demand when the automatic refresh was paused. HTML widgets now include a functional refresh button that allows you to manually refresh the widget content. This gives you more control over when widget data is updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTML widgets in the Cockpit application previously did not support the manual refresh functionality of the global time context feature, which meant that users could not update the widget content on demand when the automatic refresh was paused. HTML widgets now include a functional refresh button that allows users to manually refresh the widget content. This change gives you more control when widget data is updated.
```

---
date: ""

> title: Support refresh on demand in HTML widget (#12082) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#12327)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Support for on-demand refresh in the HTML widget
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-66887
version: 1023.93.0
---
# Backport

This will backport the following commits from `develop` to `release/cd`:
- [feat(Cockpit): [MTM-66887] Support refresh on demand in HTML widget
(#12082)](https://github.com/Cumulocity-IoT/cumulocity-ui/pull/12082)

<!--- Backport version: 12.0.4 -->

### Questions ?
Please refer to the [Backport tool
documentation](https://github.com/sorenlouv/backport)

[MTM-66887]:

> https://cumulocity.atlassian.net/browse/MTM-66887?atlOrigin=eyJpIjoiNWRkNTljNzYxNjVmNDY3MDlhMDU5Y2ZhYzA5YTRkZjUiLCJwIjoiZ2l0aHViLWNvbS1KU1cifQ

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
HTML widgets in Cockpit previously did not support manual refresh functionality of the global time context feature, which meant users could not update widget content on demand when the automatic refresh was paused. HTML widgets now include a functional refresh button that allows you to manually refresh the widget content. This gives you more control over when widget data is updated.
```
